Adds Raspberry Pi 4B Documentation (#122)
seL4/docs: Hardware/Rpi4.md

then reverting commit 995eab8b5b580b67394312b1621c60a71042cd18, and then
building it:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/u-boot/u-boot.git u-boot
cd u-boot
git revert 995eab8b5b580b67394312b1621c60a71042cd18
make CROSS_COMPILE=aarch64-linux-gnu- rpi_4_defconfig
make CROSS_COMPILE=aarch64-linux-gnu-
```

This will enable you to get the most up-to-date U-boot which will boot
seL4 on the RPi4 successfully.

**NOTE:** Automatic revert is not going to work if you are using the
latest version of u-boot. You need to manually revert the change by
looking at the changeset.

## SD card setup
 The PI boots from the first FAT32 partition on the
SD card. Where files are specified, they should be located in the root
directory of this partition.

|Stage |Filename |Description |Source|
|-|-|-|-|
|FSBL |- |Mounts SD and loads SSBL |ROM |
|SSBL |bootcode.bin|Loads GPU firmware and boots GPU|<https://github.com/raspberrypi/firmware/tree/master/boot> |
|GPU firmware |start4.elf |Loads CPU bootloader and boots CPU |<https://github.com/raspberrypi/firmware/tree/master/boot> |
|Usually the Linux kernel, but could also be u-boot |u-boot.bin |u-boot| Compiled using the instructions above |

> ||config.txt|u-boot parameters |Add `arm_64bit=1`, `kernel=u-boot.bin`, and `dtoverlay=pi3-disable-bt` to the bottom of config.txt |

Reviewer: At https://github.com/raspberrypi/firmware/blob/master/boot/overlays/README is says that `pi3-disable-bt` has been renamed `disable-bt`, but the old name is kept as alias. To avoid confusion why RasPi3 things are used here, this should use the new name.

||uboot.env |u-boot saved environment |Generated by u-boot (default environment) bootcmd copied to bootcmd_orig bootcmd and bootdelay removed |
||bcm2711-rpi-4-b.dtb | RPi4 device tree blob |<https://github.com/raspberrypi/firmware/tree/master/boot> |
||overlays/* | Device tree overlays |<https://github.com/raspberrypi/firmware/tree/master/boot/overlays> |

## Getting seL4 onto your Raspberry Pi 4

Because you have applied a device tree overlay to use the UART on GPIO pins 14 and 15,
you will have to update seL4 to use serial0 instead of serial1.

> In `seL4/src/plat/bcm2711/overlay-rpi4.dts`, you should replace all instances of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the kernel at `src/plat/bcm2711/overlay-rpi4.dts`, you should replace all instances of
```
That would make it agnostic of the project directory structure that is used.

---
arm_hardware: true
cmake_plat: rpi4
xcompiler_arg: -DAARCH64=1
platform: Raspberry Pi 4-b
arch: ARMv8A
virtualization: ARM HYP
iommu: "No"
soc: BCM2711
cpu: Cortex-A72
Status: Unverified

> Contrib: "[Hensoldt](https://hensoldt-cyber.com)"

Reviewer: We have put some work in the RasPi4 port and unifying the RasPi family support. But some credits should also go to https://gitlab.com/arm-research/security/icecap/icecap then.
